Welcome back.
Remember in Python that string is written as SDR and this is a special word.
Actually it's a built in what we call a function or a built in action that we can take.
Now let me ask you this what happens if I do string 100 one hundred is clearly a number an integer but
what if we run the string function on this let's find out let's do print here and then run this.
If I click Run I get a hundred.
All right.
But is this an int or a string to find that out.
Once again let's wrap this.
So the answer of whatever this value is into type.
I know this is a lot of brackets but remember we're evaluating this piece of code.
So we're turning 100 into a string or running the string action and then we're going to check the type
of this entire thing and then we're going to print it out.
If I click Run I see that it's a String type.
So we've converted one hundred into string using this.
Now just to confuse you a little bit more what if we do something like
like this all right.
Even more brackets.
What happens now.
Can you guess while we convert a hundred into a string then convert it back into an integer and then
we check the type of it which is a class INT.
And then we print that.
So remember this was the same as me saying A equals SDR one hundred and then B is going to equal int
of A because we're evaluating this part and then I'm saying C is going to equal the type of whatever
B is.
And then finally we're printing C so that piece of code was the same as doing this very very cool.
Now this is the idea of type conversion again.
If I were to write that down it's called type conversion.
We're converting the type of our data types and you can do that throughout programming and we'll talk
a lot about this throughout the course.
But it's the main reason we have things like SDR int we have things like float and many other data types
that we're going to talk about.
I'll see in the next video by.